doc/howtouse.rst, before:

How to use this manual
======================

This manual follows certain conventions in the description of Ogonek.

Namespaces
----------

Unless otherwise mentioned, all entities described are in the namespace ``ogonek``.

Reference
---------

In reference pages, entities are described using following sections.

Invariants
    conditions that hold after any operation on an object of that class.

Requires
    preconditions that must hold before calling that function; the behaviour is
    undefined if the function is called and preconditions are not met.

Effects
    the results of calling that function.

Returns
    the value returned by that function.

Validation
    what kind of data validation is performed by that function, and how invalid
    data is treated.

Complexity
    the time and/or space complexity of that function.

Remarks
    additional semantics of that function.

Notes
    additional information about that entity.

Sections that are not applicable are simply omitted.

Commit message:

Add recommendation of familiarity with the Unicode Standard

doc/howtouse.rst, after:

How to use this manual
======================

This manual follows certain conventions in the description of Ogonek.

Other documents
---------------

This manual often makes reference to the |unicode-standard| and the terms
described within. Familiarity with those terms is recommended before reading
this manual.

Namespaces
----------

Unless otherwise mentioned, all entities described are in the namespace ``ogonek``.

Reference sections
------------------

In reference pages, entities are described using following sections.

Invariants
    conditions that hold after any operation on an object of that class.

Requires
    preconditions that must hold before calling that function; the behaviour is
    undefined if the function is called and preconditions are not met.

Effects
    the results of calling that function.

Returns
    the value returned by that function.

Validation
    what kind of data validation is performed by that function, and how invalid
    data is treated.

Complexity
    the time and/or space complexity of that function.

Remarks
    additional semantics of that function.

Notes
    additional information about that entity.

Sections that are not applicable are simply omitted.
